README.md, before:

# F1 The Game

A browser-based Formula 1 race management and strategy game with a pixel-retro aesthetic.

## What is this?

Take control of a real 2026 F1 team and manage your race weekend: gather data in Practice, push for pole in Qualifying, plan your pit strategy, and make real-time decisions during the Race. Features all 11 teams and 22 drivers from the 2026 F1 season.

## Features (MVP)

- **Practice** — Auto-lapping minigame that reveals tire degradation data
- **Qualifying** — Choose your risk level: Safe, Push, or Full Send
- **Strategy Room** — Plan pit stops with stint sliders and compound selectors
- **Race Simulation** — Watch positions change in real-time, control Push/Neutral/Save modes, call pit stops
- **Dynamic Weather** — Rain can arrive mid-race, forcing tire strategy changes
- **Safety Car** — Incidents compress the field, creating strategic pit windows
- **22-car grid** — All 2026 F1 teams and drivers with performance-inspired stats

## Tech Stack

- React 19 + TypeScript
- Vite 7
- Zustand
- Tailwind CSS
- Framer Motion

## Getting Started

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

## License

Private project.

Commit message:

docs: update CLAUDE.md and README.md with season mode features and HQ management details.

README.md, after:

# F1 The Game

A browser-based Formula 1 race management and strategy game with a pixel-retro aesthetic.

## What is this?

Take control of a real 2026 F1 team and compete in a full 24-race season. Manage race weekends, develop your car, sign sponsors, and fight for the championship. Features all 11 teams and 22 drivers from the 2026 F1 season.

## Features

### Season Mode

- **Full 24-race calendar** — Complete 2026 F1 season with all circuits
- **HQ Management** — Between-race hub for car development and team finances
- **Championship standings** — Track driver and constructor points across the season
- **Season finale** — Championship celebration and final results

### HQ Management

- **R&D System** — Upgrade Motor, Aero, Chassis, and Pit Crew with base + branch progression trees
- **Component Management** — Monitor engine, gearbox, and energy recovery health; replace worn parts
- **Sponsor Contracts** — Sign up to 3 sponsors with performance-based objectives and race payouts
- **Budget & Research Points** — Manage finances and earn RP from race results

### Race Weekend

- **Practice** — Auto-lapping minigame that reveals tire degradation data
- **Qualifying** — Choose your risk level: Safe, Push, or Full Send
- **Sprint Weekends** — Sprint Shootout and Sprint Race at select circuits
- **Strategy Room** — Plan pit stops with stint sliders and compound selectors
- **Race Simulation** — Watch positions change in real-time, control Push/Neutral/Save modes, call pit stops

### Race Features

- **Dynamic Weather** — Rain can arrive mid-race, forcing tire strategy changes
- **Safety Car** — Incidents compress the field, creating strategic pit windows
- **22-car grid** — All 2026 F1 teams and drivers with performance-inspired stats

## Tech Stack

- React 19 + TypeScript
- Vite 7
- Zustand
- Tailwind CSS
- Framer Motion

## Getting Started

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

## License

Private project.
